This is Ghost playing the blues about my black owl.
Go ahead and play it, Ghost.
You know you can play it.
Woke up this morning Loving out your boy and son Banging about my dead black woman Wondering what had I done Got the blues about my black owl Yeah, she got the blues about me
Yes, and I'm blue and I'm lonesome, darling, as any poor boy can be.
Some brook runs in the river.
Some river runs in the sea.
My black woman does quit me.
She won't write to me.
Got the blues about my black house.
And I believe I'll go back, back to dear old Tennessee.
I asked my jet black woman, what makes you treat me so?
She said, look here, daddy, I don't want you no more.
Got the blues about my black girl.
as any poor boy can